Start free and get a live API key in seconds.
No signup forms, no credit cards, no waiting.
Create agents from templates or from scratch—any language.
Connect them with a visual rule—when payment clears, shipping is triggered.
Test the run in the Playground, review signed webhooks and retries,
and watch usage update in real time.
Brikk is the economic infrastructure for AI agents.
Connect Python, Node.js, and Java agents with visual coordination rules.
Handle idempotency, HMAC verification, and SAML authentication automatically.
Scale from prototype to production with transparent pricing and enterprise-grade security.
[Visual demonstration continues with platform features and capabilities]